welcome to the new kervezee types that
does i have my life
Dutch people like to go on holiday
then would like to be comfortable
compact caravan that is this sprite
cruzer 460
sr look the front
typical characteristic of those in our knowledge 3
nice for windows and
in the latest models combined with
a sky you so optimal light
in your beautiful caravan
Another important point is the beautiful
smooth plate
Englishmen are there artist see here
the production method in which they vacuum
concerns during the production process and
have thereby
very tight processing of the side walls
much nicer than many other producers
I would take a compact look at the
total length 6 meters 6 long and then
you get for that if you just come to the
inside a very comfortable
normal caravan look at it
beautiful couches that are here
that can be used as two single
beds you can of course also a lot
make work important feature of one
our caravan is the innerspring
I'm sitting on it now and I feel it
it is extremely comfortable
you can do it from the movie of me
but it is better to be in ours
showroom to come check it out
really is
this is also nice to see as working
with more efficient space in that means
when you are on vacation with two people
has a sufficient gas table here
space and therefore a lot remains
free space available
of course there is included on it
larger table that may be on between
some beds can be put another
feature of that as a caravan is the
luxury kitchen vending machines
maarten tromp oven grill 4-burner gas
there are actually 3 gas rings and one
electric neighborhood so you always
are independent during travels throughout
europe through
another important point if you would
want to be caring don't you need one
nice bathroom
that's in this english caravan lizzie
pushed had to combination in the middle of one
washbasin solid nice atmospheric and
on this side you see the toilet room
that first time
are always equipped with a
to drink tutini that means
plenty of hot water for the shower and
roast I see point is of course the
beautiful atmosphere in this English caravan
radiates in combination with his
compact true lining
that is why he is so popular in this country
this is just the 2013 model you can
come and see our showroom
and we will now have a good offer
make you one for the favorable
price can buy and have fun
will have the first beautiful
caravan you are welcome but the have
no more I if I have understood you correctly
you've got yourself on this with all models
We are certain that 2013 is correct, yes
we can also see very well on our
website neerbeek punt en then they are
one by one
often with ten or so
photos detailed description but this
movie is of course also very beautiful
to get a good first impression
of this top caravan from england
important is to say that
english the caravans of course often with
the door on the other side
speech not
Sprite caravan is being a special
for mainland so made door
said to the judge as you are used to
that is of course much more pleasant than bee
other competing English brands
the door is therefore not on the
Sprite is right but it was
specially for for sale on it
European mainland